Added linking section to intro, misc edits (#77)
XAITK/xaitk-saliency: docs/release_notes/pending_release.rst

* Added text discussing black box methods to ``introduction.rst``.

> * Added a section to ``introduction.rst`` that describes the links between sgit aliency algorithms and implementations.

Reviewer: typo here, I think you mean this?

```suggestion
* Added a section to ``introduction.rst`` that describes the links between saliency algorithms and implementations.
```

Author: I think when I try to search on text strings I inadvertently end up typing in the editing panel <ugh>
